I want to be the best there ever was
To beat all the rest, yeah, that's my cause
Electrode, Diglett, Nidoran, Mankey
Venasaur, Ratatta, Fearow, Pidgey
Seaking, Jolteon, Dragonite, Gastly
Ponyta, Vaporeon, Poliwrath, Butterfree
Catch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em all. Pokémon!
I'll search across the land, look far and wide
Release from my hand, the power that's inside
Venomoth, Poliwag, Nidorino, Golduck
Ivysaur, Grimer, Victreebell, Moltres
Nidoking, Farfetch'd, Abra, Jigglypuff
Kingler, Ryhorn, Clifable, Wigglytuff
Catch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em all
Gotta catch 'em all, Pokemon!
Zubat, Primape, Meowth, Onix
Geodude, Rapidash, Magneton, Snorlax
Gengar, Tangela, Goldeen, Spearow
Weezing, Seel, Gyarados, Slowbro
Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all (yeah)
Gotta catch 'em all, Pokémon (ow)
Kabuto, Persian, Paras, Horsea
Raticate, Magnemite, Kadabra, Weepinbell
Ditto, Cloyster, Caterpie, Sandshrew
Bulbasaur, Charmander, Golem, Pikachu
At least 150 or more to see
To be a Pokémon Master is my destiny
Alakazam, Doduo, Venonat, Machoke
Kangaskhan, Hypno, Electabuzz, Flareon
Blastoise, Poliwhirl, Oddish, Drowzee
Raichu, Nidoqueen, Bellsprout, Starmie
"Whoo, we're at the halfway point, doing great so far!"
"We? What's all this 'we' stuff? I'm doing all the hard work!"
"Break time's over, here we go!"
Metapod, Marowak, Kakuna, Clefairy
Dodrio, Seadra, Vileplume, Krabby
Lickitung, Tauros, Weedle, Nidoran
Machop, Shellder, Porygon, Hitmonchan
Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all (yeah)
Articuno, Jynx, Nidorina, Beedrill
Haunter, Squirtle, Chansey (Pokemon!)
Parasect, Exeggucute, Muk, Dewgong
Pidgeotto, Lapras, Vulpix, Rhydon
At least 150 or more to see
To be a Pokemon master is my destiny
Charizard, Machamp, Pinsir, Koffing
Dugtrio, Golbat, Staryu, Magikarp
Ninetails, Ekans, Omastar
Scyther, Tentacool, Dragonair, Magmar
"Whoa, catch your breath man, shake out those lips!"
"It's downhill from here, just 24 more to go!"
"Now it gets tricky, so listen real good!"
Sandslash, Hitmonlee, Psyduck, Arcanine
Eevee, Exeggutor, Kabutops, Zapdos
Dratini, Growlithe, Mr. Mime, Cubone
Graveler, Voltorb, Gloom (we're almost home)
Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all (yow)
Gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all (huh)
Gotta catch 'em all, Pokémon (yeah)
Charmeleon, Wartortle
Mewtwo, Tentacruel, Aerodactyle
Omanyte, Slowpoke
Pidgeot, Arbok, that's all, folks
Catch 'em, catch 'em, gotta catch 'em all
Ooh, gotta catch 'em all, Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all, Pokémon